[user-authn][docs] Add information about password creation in user-authn module (#6016)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/USAGE.md

## An example of creating a static user

> Придумайте пароль и укажите его хеш-сумму в поле `password`.
> 
> Для вычисления хеш-суммы пароля воспользуйтесь командой:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a password and enter its hash in the `password` field.

Use the command below to calculate the password hash:
```

```shell
echo "$password" | htpasswd -inBC 10 "" | tr -d ':\n' | sed 's/$2y/$2a/'
```

> Также можно воспользоваться [онлайн-сервисом](https://bcrypt-generator.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the [online service](https://bcrypt-generator.com/) to calculate the password hash.
```
